---
description: List of the fundamental roles for segregation of duty
---

# Roles - Overview

Once the Protect4S Threat Detection solution has been installed, the central system will have several roles available. Before proceeding with the configuration of the solution, make sure to have the proper roles assigned to the respective team members.

Below is an overview of roles with a description that can be used to assign the required authorization per user type.

<table><thead><tr><th width="170">User type:</th><th>Authorization role:</th><th>Description:</th><th>TD Application:</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Administrator</td><td>/TDWO/ADMINISTRATOR</td><td>This role is for users that should be able to access all applications and this role can perform the post installation exclusively.</td><td>All</td></tr><tr><td>Technical Configurator</td><td>/TDWO/SECURITY_CONFIGURATOR</td><td>This role is for users that do the technical setup like creating connections, changing application settings, troubleshooting, etc. This can be a BASIS consultant for example.</td><td>System<br>Application Settings<br>Framework messages<br>Events<br>Use Case Information<br>Change Log<br>User Guide<br>Report a defect<br>Feature request<br>License application<br>Change documents</td></tr><tr><td>Security Configurator</td><td>/TDWO/SECURITY_CONFIGURATOR</td><td>This role is for users that do the more functional / security relevant setup like activating the use cases and maintaining the allow/deny policies.</td><td><p>Use Case Selection<br>Use Case Policy</p><p>Group<br>Events<br>Threats<br>Use Case Information<br>Change Log<br>User Guide<br>Report a defect<br>Feature request<br>Change documents</p></td></tr><tr><td>Reviewer</td><td>/TDWO/REVIEWER</td><td>This role is for users that have a security background and work most on the SIEM side, but might need to look at the threats produced in Protect4S TD and / or what was changed in the application. This can be an auditor for example.</td><td>User Guide<br>Use Case Information<br>Threats<br>Events<br>Change documents<br>Report a defect<br>Feature request<br>Framework messages</td></tr><tr><td>Background Executor</td><td>/TDWO/BACKGROUND_EXECUTOR</td><td>This role is for the background user chosen in the application settings that starts the background jobs within Threat Detection.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Background user in the satellite system</td><td>TDWO_SATELLITE</td><td>This role is used in the remote backend systems to be able to e.g. read the remote data sources.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Satellite_push</td><td>TDWO_SATELLITE_PUSH</td><td>This role is used to push and maintain the satellite role to remote systems.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
